h1. Readme 

h2. Description

This project is an implementation of the "JSR 330":http://code.google.com/p/atinject/ implementation.

h2. Using this project

Actually there is no version deployed in a Maven respository. To use this project you have to download and build it from it's sources with Maven. Run <code>mvn install</code> from the root directory. To use this project with Maven or Ivy, add the following lines (If you want an example, you can have a look at the container-sample project).

* API module

<pre>
<code><dependency>
   <groupId>com.my.container</groupId>
   <artifactId>container-api</artifactId>
   <version>0.1-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency></code>
</pre>

* Core module

<pre>
<code><dependency>
   <groupId>com.my.container</groupId>
   <artifactId>container-core</artifactId>
   <version>0.1-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency></code>
</pre>

* AOP module

<pre>
<code><dependency>
   <groupId>com.my.container</groupId>
   <artifactId>container-core</artifactId>
   <version>0.1-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency></code>
</pre>

h2. System Requirements

JDK 1.5 or above.

h2. Licence

<pre>
Copyright 2010 Kevin Pollet

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.
</pre>